Death leaves a heartache no one can heal, love leaves a memory no one can steal ― Richard Puz
The memories we have for those who left are our ultimate consolation. ― Anoir Ou-Chad
You never know how much you really believe anything until its truth or falsehood becomes a matter of life and death to you. ― C.S. Lewis
No matter how many plans you make or how much in control you are, life is always winging it. ― Carroll Bryant
People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day. – A. A. Milne
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak out and remove all doubt. – Abraham Lincoln
Wine is constant proof that God loves us and loves to see us happy. – Benjamin Franklin
I always arrive late at the office, but I make up for it by leaving early. – Charles Lamb
A pessimist is a person who has had to listen to too many optimists. – Don Marquis
Human beings, who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others, are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so. – Douglas Adams
It’s a recession when your neighbor loses his job; it’s a depression when you lose yours. – Harry S. Truman
Life is a mountain. Your goal is to find your path, not to reach the top. – Maxime Lagacé
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards. – Søren Kierkegaard
Life is not a matter of holding good cards, but sometimes, playing a poor hand well. – Jack London
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty. – Winston Churchill
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future. – John F. Kennedy
The marks humans leave are too often scars. ― John Green
The worst part of holding the memories is not the pain. It's the loneliness of it. Memories need to be shared. ― Lois Lowry
Behind every beautiful thing, there's some kind of pain. ― Bob Dylan
When I was a kid my parents moved a lot, but I always found them. ― Rodney Dangerfield
They all laughed when I said I'd become a comedian. Well, they're not laughing now. ― Bob Monkhouse
Mirrors: they show you what you lack, not what you have. ― Marty Rubin
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. ― Nelson Mandela
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on. ― Franklin D. Roosevelt
It is only those who have neither fired a shot nor heard the shrieks and groans of the wounded who cry aloud for blood, for vengeance, for desolation. ― William Tecumseh Sherman
War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength. ― George Orwell
It is forbidden to kill; therefore all murderers are punished unless they kill in large numbers and to the sound of trumpets. ― Voltaire
Only the dead have seen the end of war. ― Plato
Wars are poor chisels for carving out peaceful tomorrows. ― Martin Luther King Jr
Attack is the secret of defense; defense is the planning of an attack. ― Sun Tzu
Two fish in a tank. One says: ‘How do you drive this thing? – Peter Kay
War could bond men like a magnet, but like a magnet it could repel them, too. The things they saw, the things they did. ― Mitch Albom
People who like trance music are very persistent. They don’t techno for an answer. – Joel Dommett
The worst time to have a heart attack is during a game of charades. – Demetri Martin